- kids
George Lucas to see Mickey Mouse George
you want to see how Toy Story is made
sure
[Music]
25 I know it's a little unorthodox but
if every toy story film doesn't
literally contain the tender soul of a
beautiful middle class child he'll flop
one bad movie in the franchise buys Star
Wars on the other hand much less
complicated this is Steven I'd have
ordered him from Disneyland this morning
if that [__] straight from JJ Abrams
[__] now we just had a little dash of
your original works a lightsaber or a
blaster or the unethical use of unused
footage of a beloved actress even though
she's dead
[Music]
fellows Star Wars not a single good
movie in what 40 years yet the fans show
up every single time I want that for Toy
Story George what's the secret how did
you do it I I don't know have you tried
asking him why he likes it so much
there's no use I'm not allowed to abduct
US citizens so I have to source fans
from Disneyland Paris they don't speak a
lick of English yeah Brooke you see
that's that fridge that's not French
[__] he's faking [__] what I'll be
able to speak it for as long as I can
remember adder wait that's it
Star Wars fans aren't French [__]
and so are you and Star Wars contains
your [__] essence oh now how do i
replicate that for Toy Story buzz do
what dare to do with you I need some
okay with cold-blooded murder
have you ever heard of red shadow
legends for summer it's everywhere
if I have to hear about that blasted
game one more time I'll download it
immediately because it's fantastic it's
a turn-based RPG with hundreds of
champions to collect and customize sexy
champions like Gloria Ronda and allure
but don't worry ladies it's plenty for
you to like yeah got the insatiable
wink wink boom Knights founder smash
Lord vegan jizz oh and grow hack the
bloodied who loves his woman every day
of the month campaign PvP dungeon and
frequent updates like new factions clan
bosses and even tag team even tag team
arena plus it had over 15 million
downloads and was nominated for Google
players best to 2019 users Choice Award
there can be only one what you didn't
forget about the cold-blooded murder did
you now I suppose you want your cut of
the blood money if you click on the
special links in the description and
download red for free you'll get a
hundred thousand silver 50 gems one
energy refill and a free champion
executioner you'll find your ill-gotten
treasure here but be quick it's only
available for the next 30 days murderer